README.md, before:

Pro Addins
==========

A collection of ArcGIS Pro buttons bundled into an addin.

## Streetview

Open Google streetview on a map click point

![Google Streetview](./images/streetview.gif)

## Definition Query Buttons

Buttons to set a definition expression on a layer to the selected features. Similar to Create layer from selection. The only difference is the definition query is placed on the selected layer, not on a newly created layer.

![Definition Expression Button](./images/select.gif)

## External Viewer Button

A configureable button that allows a user to open an external application using an ID property and a url.

This button is configurable and the following can be provided using the Pro Options dialog.

 - Application URL: The url to the application. Be sure to include the text {0} which will be replaced with the ID property of the selected feature
 - Layer ID Field: The field name to query in the selected feature
 - Layer Name: The name of the layer to query in the map

## Credits:

[Pro evergreen](https://github.com/steveoh/pro-evergreen) - Auto update functionality

Commit message:

feat: update to work with Pro 3.3.x (#4)
* Updated to work in version 3.3.x

Updated to .NET 8. Changed street view url structure to match current Google API specs. Moved "Open Viewer" tool to it's own group that only appear when the "Enabled" checkbox is checked in settings.

* Update README.md

README.md, after:

Pro Addins
==========

A collection of ArcGIS Pro buttons bundled into an addin.

## Streetview

Open Google streetview on a map click point

![Google Streetview](./images/streetview.gif)

## Definition Query Buttons

Buttons to set a definition expression on a layer to the selected features. Similar to Create layer from selection. The only difference is the definition query is placed on the selected layer, not on a newly created layer.

![Definition Expression Button](./images/select.gif)

## External Viewer Button

A configureable button that allows a user to open an external application using an ID property and a url.

This button must be enabled first using the Pro Options dialog and has the following configurable settings:

 - Application URL: The url to the application. Be sure to include the text {0} which will be replaced with the ID property of the selected feature
 - Layer ID Field: The field name to query in the selected feature
 - Layer Name: The name of the layer to query in the map
